README.md, before:

# Telzir Calculation Page

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
The tests are based if some elements are property loaded.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `yarn build:start`

Execute the index builded files using [serve](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve) command.\
This project can be executed with any method that creates a local server such as PHP.


## Hosting

This project was already hosted on FireBase Hosting and can be visited in this [link](https://telzir-loldesign-7c619.web.app).

The deployed code was identical to this repository and it's only for functionally purposes.

Commit message:

fix: add installation section into README

README.md, after:

# Telzir Calculation Page

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Installation

Befor executing any script please install the needed dependencies using the command:

### `yarn install`

If [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) isn't installed all the scripts can be executed using npm!

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
The tests are based if some elements are property loaded.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `yarn build:start`

Execute the index builded files using [serve](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve) command.\
This project can be executed with any method that creates a local server such as PHP.


## Hosting

This project was already hosted on FireBase Hosting and can be visited in this [link](https://telzir-loldesign-7c619.web.app).

The deployed code was identical to this repository and it's only for functionally purposes.
